If you are reading this message, Jesse, you are currently in a 25 year coma. We've been trying to communicate with you for the longest time by manipulating your brain waves, but nothing so far has worked. If you manage to read this it means our new method has succeeded. Please, wake up Jesse. Your family loves you and wants you back. In a week they are going to pull the plug on your life support, they can't afford the medical bills anymore.
rawr x3 nuzzles! pounces on u, uwu u so warm. couldn't help but ur bulge from across the floor, nuzzlez yo' necky~ murr~ hehe unzips yo baggy as pants, oof baby u so musky take me home, pet me, N' make me yours & dont forget to stuff me! see me wag my widdle baby tail, all for your bolgy-wolgy! kisses n lickies yo neck, i hope daddy likeies nuzzles n wuzzles yo chest, i be gettin thirsty hey i got a lil itch, u think u can help me? only seven inches long uwu PLS ADOPT ME paws on ur bulge as i lick my lips (uwu punish me pls) bout hit'em with this furry shid (he don't see it comin)
Help, I accidently joined the indian mafia
Sonic says if your profile picture is the beginning letter of your first or last name your opinion doesn't count
🗦expensive jesus🗧
 The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. Ding  A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. Ding  Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, ding 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Did you hear that? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Streamer said 69 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Imagine reading a post, but over the course of it the quality seems to deteriorate and it gets worse and worse, where the sentence structure and grammar reverts to a point of utter nonsense, and you just don't wanna read it anymore (o´ω｀o) and the whole ordeal is just awful (´･ω･`)
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyways. Because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
I'm sorry I said PogChamp after you nutted in me, it's not my fault
Why is 6 afraid of 7?  It's a fairly common question, mostly because when people see 6 and 7 next to each other, it doesn't really make sense. 6 is large, muscled, and trained in multiple martial arts, while 7 is fairly average, physically, and short.  However, 6's fear of 7 has its roots in childhood. See, 6 and 7 grew up together, and for a few years, they were best friends. But then 6 kissed 3, and they become childhood sweethearts. But 7 secretly had feelings for 3, so 7 decided he needed to destroy 6 to win 3's affection.  He started subtly, undermining 6 whenever possible with passive aggressive comments, and compli-sults. But over time, things got much more insidious. 7 started messing with 6's performance in school, bringing down his grades and turning teachers against him. Even worse, 7 became great friends with 6's parents and slowly turned them against their own offspring.  At night, 7 would sneak into 6's bedroom, and whisper depressing and hopeless things into his ears. And every time 3 was around, 7 would pants 6 and make fun of his genitalia, or try to body shame him in other ways.  However, 3 was both smart and compassionate, and saw through 7's schemes, and stuck with 6, trying to counter 7's phycological tear-down with compliments, and friendship. Finally, 7 decided that he would never be able to win 3, so he drugged both 6 and 3, and took them to an abandoned cobbler's hut on the edge of town.  There, he proceeded to torture and maim 3, forcing 6 to watch in horror, unable to do anything to save his sweetheart. 7 didn't kill 3, but instead, put her in a semi-vegetative state. 7 cleaned the scene of his presence, then called the cops, and 6 was blamed for 3's condition.  6 was sent to prison, and because they believed 6 was guilty, 6's parents fell into a deep depression, eventually committing suicide over what they believed 6 had done.  After serving 17 years of a 30-year sentence, and getting out on good behavior, 6, now muscled and skilled as a fighter, thought he might get revenge on 7. But when he finally tracked 7 down, he found out that 7 had installed a micro-bomb into 3's body, and should he be killed, the bomb would automatically go off and kill 3 as well.  And though she was still in a mostly fugue state, 6 couldn't bring himself to hurt her any further, and decided to try and move on with his life. However, being an ex-con, it was hard to get a job. 6 finally found employment at a diner, which 7 then bought, and proceeded to again undermine and toy with 6 at every turn. 6 tried to find employment elsewhere, but 7 contacted any potential employer and soured them against 6.  6 finally realized that no matter what he did, 7 was going to try and ruin his life, and he resigned himself to living as a broken, lonely man, never able to stand up to the depraved, amoral 7.
